ny graf i csgcn-adj beskrevet med math (#68)
thesis20/thesis_paper: sections/csgcn/csgcn-chapter.tex

\subsection{Adjacency matrix}\label{subsec:csgcn_adj_adj_mat}
Compared to CSGCN-IS, context is now included in the graph as nodes and therefore also included in the adjacency matrix.
The graph is similar to the one in \Cref{fig:quadripartite-graph}, but context nodes are inserted between the sets of item and user nodes, and edges connect the nodes that have interacted in the context.
This results in the sets of edges $E_U$ and $E_I$ being updated to:
$$E_U \subseteq \{ (x,y) | \: x \in U, \: y \in US \cup I \cup C \}$$
$$E_I \subseteq \{ (x,y) | \: x \in I, \: y \in U \cup IS \cup C \}$$
A new set of edges is also introduced for the context value nodes in $C$:
$$E_C \subseteq \{ (x,y) | \: x \in U \cup I, \: y \in C \}$$

> The new set of edges $E_C$ has directed edges from items or users to context values.

Reviewer: er de faktisk directed?

> The new set of edges $E_C$ has directed edges from items or users to context values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new set of edges $E_C$ has directed edges from items or users to context nodes, as well as self-connections for each context node.
```

> The set also contains self-connections for all the context values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The set also contains self-connections for all the context nodes.
```
